Ram gulps down water through a syringe
unable to lift his head his breathing is
shallow he has been brought to Naser
Hospital in khun in the south of the
strip in the hopes that something can be
done for
him my brother has a mental disorder and
speech disability we were searching for
him for a month we didn't know he was
detained in RAF by Israeli forces now
he's lost his eyesight his stomach was
ripped open and he has multiple injuries
he's almost dead it is believed he
suffered multiple gunshot wounds and has
been left with almost no
eyesight it seems the Israeli soldiers
fired on him at close range there are
five bullets in his stomach a bullet
went through his eye and out the back of
his head his skull is fractured he was
also shot in his arms and
legs his family believed he was operated
on by the Israelis while in detention
before being handed over to the Red
Cross he has skull fractures gun wounds
to his eye and all over his body parts
of his intestine were removed here is
another gunshot wound and he has another
in his back his stomach was ripped open
we brought him to the hospital hoping
his life can be saved doctors at Naser
Hospital confirmed that Ramy is in need
of immediate Critical Care that is not
available inside the Gaza Strip the
medical exit permit are difficult to get
even more so with the closure of R
Crossing he is in a very critical
condition and has been admitted to the
ICU he is now suffering acute
circulatory collapse unconsciousness and
high blood acidity which has developed
into toxemia Ramy is just one of about
10,000 Palestinians in Gaza that the
World Health Organization says Needs
immediate Medical evacuation hanim
Mahmud Al jazer from the central area of
the Gaza Strip
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer